[MM-58091] Update documentation for `mattermost_http_websockets_total` metric (#7111)
mattermost/docs: source/scale/performance-monitoring.rst

Login and session metrics
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- ``mattermost_http_websockets_total`` The total number of open WebSocket connections to the server.

.. note::

>   Starting in Mattermost version 9.9, this value includes any potentially unauthenticated connections. Furthermore, this metric comes with an ``origin_client`` label that can be used to see the distribution of connections from different client types (i.e. web, mobile, and desktop).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  From Mattermost version v9.9, this value includes any potentially unauthenticated connections. Furthermore, this metric comes with an ``origin_client`` label that can be used to see the distribution of connections from different client types (i.e. web, mobile, and desktop).
```

Login and session metrics
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- ``mattermost_http_websockets_total`` The total number of open WebSocket connections to the server.

> .. note::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. note::
```
